[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> What I love about living
in Indonesia is the flavor,
smack in your face flavor
hits that you get from garlic,
and ginger, and turmeric,
and things like that.
I love it so much, actually.
This is a great recipe.
It's my version of gado-gado.
It's easy.
It's simple.
The sauce is divine and
is to die for, and very,
very, very simple.
Almond butter.
So I'm going to put all my
sauce ingredients in here
before I start on to the next
phase of this particular dish.
I do, on the other hand,
have my steamer boiling,
ready to go for my
spuds and my veggies.
So that's just going.
Sesame seed oil and some soy.
I'm going to need some ginger.
Just a little bit of ginger.
I've got some here, actually.
And some cayenne
pepper for that heat.
I'm not going to
put chili in this.
It's very different.
So a little bit of ginger.
I'm just going to pop
it in just like that.
And I need some almond butter.
That's going to act
as my peanut sauce--
as my peanut alternative, sorry.
Yum, this is beautiful.
I make my own almond butter
in one of the videos.
In another program
that I'm doing,
I'll show you how
to make nut butters.
So that's there.
I'm going to have to
put some soy in here,
and some sesame seed oil.
Geez, I'm fumbling
my words today.
And some water.
I just want some water to
get this blade to go around.
I want it to be saucy.
I don't want it to be too thick.
So follow the recipe, yes?
OK, on low, and then
building your way up.
[MACHINE ROARS]
All right.
Let's see where we're at.
Mmm, it's good.
[MACHINE ROARS]
I feel like it needs a
little bit more ginger.
So I didn't put so much
in there just then.
So I'm just going to cut a
couple of slices of this.
Pop that in there.
Now, if you like your
satay sauce sweet,
by all means add some
maple syrup or some honey.
[MACHINE ROARS]
Actually, I think I might.
Because we have a few people
here that like it sweet.
So just a touch of that.
Now, you don't have to.
This is totally up to you, yes?
Ease and flow with cooking.
Just make it happen.
Very, very easy.
So back onto low,
and then up to high.
[MACHINE ROARS]
All right.
And we're done.
And one more taste just
to see where we're at.
Lovely.
I made the sauce for my
girlfriend the other day.
She was having rice paper
rolls, and this sauce
is just beautiful
as a dipping source.
Really stunning,
really full flavor.
The almond butter
acts as the peanuts.
It's just beautiful.
Oh, look, I'm surrounded by--
I'm surrounded by people.
Hi.
All right.
OK.
I'm going to put
that aside, and we're
going to get straight
onto these veggies.
Now, what I'm after
with these veggies
is not big chunks of
it, because I want
this to cook quite quickly.
So a couple of potatoes.
Just wash them carefully.
Organic, yes, definitely
with potatoes.
Really, really important.
It is definitely most--
one of the most
dirty dozen out there
with chemicals from the
fertilizers, pesticides,
the whole bit.
So just be really
mindful about that.
If I wanted big-- if I
was to have big chunks,
it would take longer to cook.
So I want quite thin
chunks, because I want
this to cook really quickly.
We're hungry.
Everybody's here
today, so I need
to get this cooking quickly.
So as you are at home,
you've just worked 12 hours,
and you've got home and you
want things to hurry up.
So kind of looking
like chips, and then
cut them in half again.
So like that, and then that
will cook quite quickly.
Try and get them the same size,
people, not like the chef here.
You can cut these into
quarter-sized pieces
if you want.
But like I said,
we've got people here.
People are hungry.
I don't have time to wait
for big chunks of potato
to steam through.
So just running my knife
through all of this.
There's a big one there.
OK, straight into the steamer.
Just plonk them in
and just cook them
till they're
actually cooked, yes?
Not mush.
We want them to be
held together still.
So you want to be able to
put your fork through there
and the fork can go through.
It's not raw.
But I'll show you in a minute.
All right.
Spuds are on.
Now, my eggs have been--
I boiled them previously,
because I'm not
going to boil them in
front of you, clearly.
They take between-- well,
these are really little,
so these took 3 and
1/2 minutes, 4 minutes.
Cold water, bringing it up
to the boil and timing it.
That's all I did.
I'm going to get the rest of
my veggies out of this fridge.
Now I've got some
wombok cabbage here,
which is a Chinese cabbage,
Napa cabbage, whatever
you want to call it.
I mean, now whatever
you want to call it,
but different areas around the
world call it different names.
But I know it as wombok.
Americans know it as Napa.
So I just want to
get this like this.
These are beautiful leaves.
Oh my god.
Now I just want to
run my knife through.
I have washed this before,
so it's all ready to go.
That's big chunks.
And I'm just going to run
it across there like that.
And push that to the
side in a little pile.
Now I've got my cori--
broccoli.
Coriander.
Once again, I'm cutting them
up into pieces that will make--
that will steam quicker.
I want this to--
I don't want to wait.
OK, so that's ready.
So the harder vegetables
are going first,
like this-- like the potato.
And then we're going
to layer on after that.
So just getting my little
baby organic cauliflower.
I need a smaller knife.
All right.
Cut them down if
they look too big.
Break them up.
OK.
I'm going to put this
cabbage back into here
so it's out of my way.
And that's going to go on
last, because this is leafy.
Oh.
This is leafy.
And I want these
ones to go in first.
All right.
Now, you can cut these
into sticks, like this.
Or you can just leave
them on an angle.
Whatever suits.
Now I've got a zucchini.
So I'll just use half of that
because it's quite a big one.
This is not going to take long
to cook either, the zucchini.
So they're going to--
it's going to go in with this.
So I want it to be--
I think I might have
half rounds on this one.
OK.
Softer veggies, harder veggies.
All right, let's just
check on these spuds.
Spuds-- Australian
term for potato.
Beautiful.
My fork is just going in.
So they're not quite cooked.
And that's when I'm going
to add my harder veggies,
like the carrots and the
broccoli and the cauliflower,
just on top.
Perfection.
Now we're going to
let that steam for--
I don't know-- maybe 2 minutes?
And that will all just cook.
All right.
We're just going to
check these veggies.
It's been like about a
minute, a minute and a half.
And my fork is just touching
them, which is great.
And this is when
I'm going to put
the softer vegetables on there
so it comes right through.
That's awesome.
So harder ones on the bottom,
medium ones in the middle,
and the softer,
watery ones on top.
And we're just going to let
that steam for a minute,
and then we'll come back
to that in a minute.
This is done.
I like this layering process.
It's awesome.
This is hot too, so be careful.
Got a little bit of a wee mess.
And let me just show you--
whew.
There goes the
facial, a free facial.
Let me just show you what
I mean by why this is done.
So we did that layering
technique, yes?
The hard vegetables on the
bottom and the soft ones
on top.
Well, the soft ones
are definitely done,
as you can see.
Let's get down to
those hard ones.
Beautiful.
Falling apart.
That's great.
That's what we want.
We don't it want to be mash.
So I'm just going to make
one single serving here.
I'm not going to do the
whole lot right now.
OK, perfect.
Very excited about this.
All right.
Let's pop this over there.
Now we're going to add some
mung bean sprouts to this.
I'm definitely going to season
this with salt and pepper.
Yes, really important
to season this
with salt and pepper
and just give this
a good just a mix through.
I'm really happy with this
way of steaming things,
because things are cooked but
they're not falling apart.
Do you know what I mean?
They're not mush.
It's just al dente.
And this residual heat
will cook the rest of this
as it's sitting and waiting.
I want some fresh coriander
through this, which is awesome.
I want a bit of chili as well.
So I want that heat
to come through.
I know the heat is in
the sauce, but I just
want a little bit more.
I might use a green
one because they look--
they're yelling out,
use me today, use me.
Now, if you can get a
hold of some Thai basil,
oh, that would be beautiful.
I can't get any-- a hold
of any at the moment,
so we're just going to go
without, which is totally fine.
Now let's grab a plate
to serve this on.
Let's grab a nice, long plate.
So give this a bit of a mix.
Now what I want to do is
toss a little bit of sauce
throughout my veggies,
throughout my gado-gado.
Just a little bit.
I want you to be able to see
the textures as I line this up
on the platter.
How beautiful does this look?
Smells just so good.
There's some of
that potato there.
More like two servings, chef.
OK.
Now for my eggs, cut
just into quarters.
And just kind of
arrange them evenly.
It's like art, yes?
Cooking is like art.
It's got to look sexy.
It's going to taste
so good as well.
Perfect.
And just a few more of
this just to bring it home.
Now, if you've got some
really large shredded coconut,
that's kind of nice
on there as well.
If you can get some fresh
coconut, that's even better.
Just a bit of coconut on there.
Maybe a few cashews,
something different.
There you go.
And we would serve that with
a little bowl of extra sauce
on the side, just
because we can.
And there's nothing
wrong with that.
There we go.
Excuse my mess.
But that, my friends, is a
really clean way, divine way,
of having a gado-gado.
And I mean clean.
I mean no MSG, no
sauces that are going
to compromise your health.
It's fresh.
It's tasty.
The vegetables are
cooked beautifully.
They're not into mush.
So that layering process,
the hard ones first.
Instead of using three steamers,
we start with the hard ones
first.
Then go to the middle
ones that are not
as high water content
as the leafy spinach
and the leafy cabbage
and the zucchini.
And then we just keep
checking them as we go.
Voila.
Enjoy this.
Have fun with this.
Comments below.
Remember, if you get stuck with
anything, I'm here for you.
Enjoy.
Stop.
La la la la lasagna.
Come on.
Give me the words, God.
I'm happy.
These are so good.
Some more.
Mmm.
Back away from
the sauce, people.
Yum.
You want some?
See you.
[MUSIC PLAYING]